c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe.config
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.exe
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\Vistas.pdb
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.dll
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\ClasesBase.pdb
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas.g.resources
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas.exe
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\Vistas.pdb
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\UserControlInicio.g.cs
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\UserControlInicio.baml
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\PantallaImportadorDeVinos.g.cs
c:\users\cathy\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\ppai-grupo-6-ver3\Vistas\obj\Debug\PantallaImportadorDeVinos.baml
